while the official unemployment rate is
below five percent the more accurate
statistic of labor force participation
rate shows that 95 million people are
not in the workforce this is situation
critical as the economy simply cannot
withstand itself on high stocks and
quantitative easing a strong middle
class is absolutely essential and that
is clearly eroding you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
today we will look at the fact that the
employment situation is a catastrophe
let's begin showing you this right here
a record number of people are employed
today and that's something that the
government will praise the mainstream
media will praise but i will tell you
specifically that this is something with
an increasing population should be
happening month-over-month
year-over-year you know given a few
blips along the way record number of
people coming in record number of
employed that's just the way this works
constantly making new highs but what's
interesting is the next statistic a
record of 95 million people not in the
labor force that though is a very big
problem you will never see that
statistic mention in the mainstream
media for obvious reasons it highlights
the true problem they are only going to
tell you that 152 million people are in
the workforce that's great that's great
news but what about the fact that there
are 95 million people not in the
workforce and what's interesting is when
Obama took office we're looking at eight
years ago what exactly was the situation
then well there were 80 million people
not in the labor force
and now there are 15 million more people
today that when Obama took office not in
the labor force that shows you how bad
things have become the unemployment the
employment growth pushed the
unemployment rate down from four point
nine percent to four point six percent
so they're even lying boldface lying
saying that it's four point six percent
and they would suggest that anything
lower than five percent would be
considered full employment okay so
they're suggesting lying to every single
person that there is full employment in
the u.s. today let's move on to this
showing you the actual BLS statistics i
just want to show you in a graph format
is over the past couple years suggesting
that there have been a continuous
decline in unemployed people well for
those who don't know i'm sure most of
you do but let's just look at it very
closely in my book i show you these two
charts put them up on the same chart
just to give you that comparison and
what we have is the you three versus the
u6 the u3 is generally the number that
you will see out there that's four point
six percent four point six percent of
people are unemployed right now
according to the BLS this chart is a
little outdated obviously but just go
with me for a moment the u6 number
includes under employed people
underemployed being if you would really
want to have full-time work but your
employer will only give you part time
work you're still employed but you're
under employed when you factor that in
the numbers basically double so instead
of that four point six percent you would
have a number closer to ten percent
that's not a number they're going to
show you but if you search for the BLS
u6 you will see this
number and they do report it which is
good that they are still reporting that
unlike m3 which they say is too
expensive to calculate even though you
can actually do that on your own all the
numbers are there simply a matter of
adding them all up less than 1% variance
there okay what would I say about this
is that we need to look at the proper
numbers whatever that might be whether
it's the garbage inflation numbers that
they give us whether it is unemployment
or anything else we need to understand
that there are real numbers out there
where do you get them well even the BLS
reports a more realistic unemployment
rate and you can get that by searching
the BLS u6 go to search engine and type
that you can also go to shadow stats
shadow stats has a lot of their own
calculations using older methods which
are more accurate so shadow stats has
the inflation unemployment everything
else basically that you would want to
see and shadow stats will have that and
there are other sources out there of
course and what I would leave you with
is don't necessarily be fooled by the
prices of the stock market look doesn't
matter if Goldman Sachs stock was the
reason that this has hit a new record
high recently are you going to benefit
from Goldman Sachs having their stock
push up the stock market I mean it's
ridiculous we're looking for the strong
middle class to be there we need this
and unfortunately that is absolutely not
happening at this time we can see it
declining before our very eyes a labor
force participation rate is just one of
those statistics if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least check out my book the
money GPS it's got diagrams it's got
charts it's got everything to make this
complicated subject very easy you can
flip through the book over at amazon
they have a look inside feature which
will allow you to flip through the pages
of the book and see if
you like it take care I just wanted to
mention to you everyone out there thank
you very much for all your support not
just in the recent days and weeks but
overall I just truly appreciate that
very much the kind words the thumbs up
that I'm getting the emails that I get
just really thankful to all of those who
support me whether it's through the
donations on patreon or through paypal
or through Bitcoin or through just just
thanking me in general any way you can
and I do appreciate that very much take
care